README.md, before:

# 🐭 BlueMouse v6.0 (Blueprint Little Mouse)

> **Stop Vibe Coding. Start Engineering.**
> Reclaim your logic sovereignty from AI dilution.

![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Production%20Ready-green) ![Validation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Logic-17--Layer%20Secured-blue) ![MCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/Protocol-MCP%20Standard-orange) ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPLv3-red)

[English](#english) | [繁體中文](#traditional-chinese)

---

## English

### 🌟 What is BlueMouse?
BlueMouse is more than a tool; it is the **Prefrontal Cortex for GitHub Copilot**.
While other AIs are busy "Vibe Coding" (coding based on intuition), we provide military-grade **Logic Gating** and **Architectural Auditing**.

**Core Promise: Not a single line of code is generated until the green light is lit.**

### 🔥 The Pain
- ❌ **Hallucination Flood**: Copilot is fast, but 30% of its output contains logic flaws.
- ❌ **Asset Rot**: Code without architectural constraints becomes technical debt in 3 months.
- ❌ **Loss of Sovereignty**: Engineers are reduced to reviewers who don't understand what the AI wrote.

### 🛡️ The Solution: 3 Lines of Defense

#### 1. 🚦 Traffic Light Sentinel
Dependencies not met? Requirements vague?
**HTTP 403 Forbidden**. We lock the code generation interface until you clarify the logic.

#### 2. 🎓 Socratic Interview
High-risk requirement detected (e.g., concurrent transactions, asset manipulation)?
The system pauses and switches to interview mode: *"How should we handle the funds if the DB rollback fails?"*
**No answer, no code.**

#### 3. 🧬 17-Layer Validation Chain
Every generated line passes through the `validate_code_17_layers` pipeline:
- **L1-L4**: Syntax & AST Structure
- **L5-L8**: Function Signatures & Type Hints
- **L9-L12**: Dependency & Circular Reference Check
- **L13-L17**: Logic Consistency & Performance Boundaries

### 🚀 Quick Start

#### Option A: Install as MCP Server (Recommended)
Add this directory to your **Antigravity** or **Claude Desktop** configuration:

```bash
# Mac/Linux One-Click Setup
./start_bluemouse.command

# Windows
start_bluemouse.bat
```

#### Option B: Python Developer Mode
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python server.py
```

### 📊 Vital Statistics
- Hallucinations Intercepted: **180,400+**
- Debug Time Saved: **4.5 hours/week (avg)**
- 17-Layer Pass Rate: **Only 64%** (This is why you need it)

---

## Traditional Chinese

### 🌟 這是什麼？
BlueMouse 不僅僅是一個工具，它是 **GitHub Copilot 的「大腦前葉」**。
當其他 AI 還在「憑感覺寫 Code (Vibe Coding)」時，我們提供軍規級的 **邏輯門禁 (Logic Gating)** 與 **架構審查**。

**核心承諾：不亮綠燈，絕不生成一行代碼。**

### 🔥 為什麼您需要它？(The Pain)
- ❌ **AI 幻覺濫觴**：Copilot 寫得很爽，但 30% 都是邏輯漏洞。
- ❌ **資產腐爛**：沒有架構約束的代碼，3 個月後就是技術債。
- ❌ **邏輯主權喪失**：工程師淪為 Reviewer，卻看不懂 AI 寫了什麼。

### 🛡️ 三道防線 (The Solution)

#### 1. 🚦 Traffic Light Sentinel (紅綠燈哨兵)
依賴上游節點未完成、需求規格模糊？
**紅燈伺候 (HTTP 403 Forbidden)**。我們會直接鎖死代碼生成接口，直到您釐清邏輯。

#### 2. 🎓 Socratic Interview (蘇格拉底面試)
檢測到高風險需求（如：併發交易、資產操作）？
系統自動暫停，切換至面試模式：「如果資料庫回滾失敗，這筆錢該怎麼辦？」
**不回答問題，別想繼續。**

#### 3. 🧬 17-Layer Validation (十七層驗證鏈)
每一段生成的代碼都必須通過 17 道工序的 `validate_code_17_layers` 檢測：
- L1-L4: 語法與 AST 結構
- L5-L8: 函數簽名與型別提示 (Type Hints)
- L9-L12: 依賴關係與循環引用
- L13-L17: 邏輯一致性與性能邊界

### 🚀 快速開始 (Quick Start)

#### 方式 A: 安裝為 MCP Server (推薦)
如果您使用 **Antigravity** 或 **Claude Desktop**，只需將此目錄加入設定：

```bash
# Mac/Linux 一鍵啟動 (自動配置)
./start_bluemouse.command

# Windows
start_bluemouse.bat
```

#### 方式 B: Python 開發者模式
```bash
# 安裝
pip install -r requirements.txt

# 啟動 Server
python server.py
```

### 📊 數據實力
- 已攔截邏輯幻覺：**180,400+ 次**
- 節省 Debug 時間：**平均 4.5 小時/週**
- 17 層驗證通過率：**僅 64%** (這就是為什麼您需要它)

---
*Built with ❤️ for Engineers who care about Quality.*

Commit message:

Docs: Add Cursor Integration Guide

README.md, after:

# 🐭 BlueMouse v6.0 (Blueprint Little Mouse)

> **Stop Vibe Coding. Start Engineering.**
> Reclaim your logic sovereignty from AI dilution.

![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Production%20Ready-green) ![Validation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Logic-17--Layer%20Secured-blue) ![MCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/Protocol-MCP%20Standard-orange) ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPLv3-red)

[English](#english) | [繁體中文](#traditional-chinese)

---

## English

### 🌟 What is BlueMouse?
BlueMouse is more than a tool; it is the **Prefrontal Cortex for GitHub Copilot**.
While other AIs are busy "Vibe Coding" (coding based on intuition), we provide military-grade **Logic Gating** and **Architectural Auditing**.

**Core Promise: Not a single line of code is generated until the green light is lit.**

### 🔥 The Pain
- ❌ **Hallucination Flood**: Copilot is fast, but 30% of its output contains logic flaws.
- ❌ **Asset Rot**: Code without architectural constraints becomes technical debt in 3 months.
- ❌ **Loss of Sovereignty**: Engineers are reduced to reviewers who don't understand what the AI wrote.

### 🛡️ The Solution: 3 Lines of Defense

#### 1. 🚦 Traffic Light Sentinel
Dependencies not met? Requirements vague?
**HTTP 403 Forbidden**. We lock the code generation interface until you clarify the logic.

#### 2. 🎓 Socratic Interview
High-risk requirement detected (e.g., concurrent transactions, asset manipulation)?
The system pauses and switches to interview mode: *"How should we handle the funds if the DB rollback fails?"*
**No answer, no code.**

#### 3. 🧬 17-Layer Validation Chain
Every generated line passes through the `validate_code_17_layers` pipeline:
- **L1-L4**: Syntax & AST Structure
- **L5-L8**: Function Signatures & Type Hints
- **L9-L12**: Dependency & Circular Reference Check
- **L13-L17**: Logic Consistency & Performance Boundaries

### 🚀 Quick Start

#### Option A: Install as MCP Server (Recommended)
Add this directory to your **Antigravity** or **Claude Desktop** configuration:

```bash
# Mac/Linux One-Click Setup
./start_bluemouse.command

# Windows
start_bluemouse.bat
```

#### Option B: Python Developer Mode
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python server.py
```

### 📊 Vital Statistics
- Hallucinations Intercepted: **180,400+**
- Debug Time Saved: **4.5 hours/week (avg)**
- 17-Layer Pass Rate: **Only 64%** (This is why you need it)

---

## Traditional Chinese

### 🌟 這是什麼？
BlueMouse 不僅僅是一個工具，它是 **GitHub Copilot 的「大腦前葉」**。
當其他 AI 還在「憑感覺寫 Code (Vibe Coding)」時，我們提供軍規級的 **邏輯門禁 (Logic Gating)** 與 **架構審查**。

**核心承諾：不亮綠燈，絕不生成一行代碼。**

### 🔥 為什麼您需要它？(The Pain)
- ❌ **AI 幻覺濫觴**：Copilot 寫得很爽，但 30% 都是邏輯漏洞。
- ❌ **資產腐爛**：沒有架構約束的代碼，3 個月後就是技術債。
- ❌ **邏輯主權喪失**：工程師淪為 Reviewer，卻看不懂 AI 寫了什麼。

### 🛡️ 三道防線 (The Solution)

#### 1. 🚦 Traffic Light Sentinel (紅綠燈哨兵)
依賴上游節點未完成、需求規格模糊？
**紅燈伺候 (HTTP 403 Forbidden)**。我們會直接鎖死代碼生成接口，直到您釐清邏輯。

#### 2. 🎓 Socratic Interview (蘇格拉底面試)
檢測到高風險需求（如：併發交易、資產操作）？
系統自動暫停，切換至面試模式：「如果資料庫回滾失敗，這筆錢該怎麼辦？」
**不回答問題，別想繼續。**

#### 3. 🧬 17-Layer Validation (十七層驗證鏈)
每一段生成的代碼都必須通過 17 道工序的 `validate_code_17_layers` 檢測：
- L1-L4: 語法與 AST 結構
- L5-L8: 函數簽名與型別提示 (Type Hints)
- L9-L12: 依賴關係與循環引用
- L13-L17: 邏輯一致性與性能邊界

### 🚀 快速開始 (Quick Start)

#### 方式 A: 安裝為 MCP Server (推薦)
如果您使用 **Antigravity** 或 **Claude Desktop**，只需將此目錄加入設定：

```bash
# Mac/Linux 一鍵啟動 (自動配置)
./start_bluemouse.command

# Windows
start_bluemouse.bat
```

#### 方式 B: Python 開發者模式
```bash
# 安裝
pip install -r requirements.txt

# 啟動 Server
python server.py
```

### 📊 數據實力
- 已攔截邏輯幻覺：**180,400+ 次**
- 節省 Debug 時間：**平均 4.5 小時/週**
- 17 層驗證通過率：**僅 64%** (這就是為什麼您需要它)

---

### ✅ Cursor Integration
Using Cursor? We support it natively!
👉 **[Read the Cursor Setup Guide](CURSOR_GUIDE.md)**
